# multiviewer-classisfier
This is my Final year project for my Masters on Data Science,

This research work aims to undertake the evaluation of use of the machine learning in the Multiview data. The Multiview learning is in the associate rising direction in the machine learning. Machine learning considers the learning with the multiple views from different angles to enhance the performance generally. Multiview learning is also defined as the data integration or the data fusion from the sets of multiple features. The decision making process in we humans usually depends on the utilization of the visual data or information’s which are generated from the totally different views or perspectives. Humans can visualize the information or object from any view they are shown. But the things are different for the machines, we need to train the machines to visualize the information. On the machine learning based image category we tend to usually refer an objects class from simply one image which shows the object. Specifically, for the challenging classification problems, the information given by the single image visually may not be sufficient for the correct decision making. 
For this project I propose to use the Multiview classification. Multi-view classification (MVC) usually focuses on improvising classification accuracy by using info from completely different views, generally integrating them into a unified comprehensive illustration for downstream tasks. The algorithm jointly utilizes multiple views to promote both classification reliability and robustness by integrating evidence from each view. To achieve this, Convolutional neural networks (CNN) is used. Convolutional neural networks (CNN)are used to extract and encode visual features from the multiple views. Generally, multi-view CNNs seek to combine useful information from different views so that more comprehensive representations may be learned yielding a more effective classifier. 

Keywords:
Machine learning, state-of-art of machine learning algorithm, Convolutional neural networks (CNN), Multi-view classification (MVC), linear regression, Multi-view Data, feature extraction,Multi-View Convolutional Neural Network (MVCNN).
